Dear all QUADRAT R users,
 
As the 'Introduction to R' course is almost upon us I thought I would let you know a little more about the course and some logistical arrangements.
 
The main aim of this course is to gently introduce you to using R (and RStudio) so you can start using it to visualise, summarise and analyse data collected during your PhD (and beyond). The course assumes no previous experience or knowledge of R, although if you do have some experience I hope the course will be sufficiently flexible that you will still find it productive. The course is very 'hands-on' with plenty of opportunity to practice what you have learned in a supportive and relaxed environment. You can find all of the course material at the companion website (some material will be released when the course starts):
 
https://alexd106.github.io
 
The course will start at 09:30 each morning and finish at 17:00. We will break for a one hour lunch break around 12:00 and there will also be plenty of opportunities to take short breaks during the course. All teaching will be held in room FN113 in the Fraser Noble building (see the course website for a map). For those of you unfamiliar with the University of Aberdeen, there are plenty of places to grab a bite to eat (or get a caffeine hit) and I have indicated these on the map (or ask one of your fellow Aberdeen QUADRATers).
 
A couple of things before you arrive next week. Please make sure you have obtained a University of Aberdeen IT account prior to arrival (please email Izzie if you are having any issues). Please bring your own laptop with the latest versions of R and RStudio installed. I have provided information on how to do this on the course website under the 'Setup' tab. Also, don't forget your laptop charging cable! Don't worry if you're having trouble installing software, I will run a drop-in session on Monday 2nd December 14:00 - 15:30 in room 113 Fraser Noble building to troubleshoot any issues.  If you don't have a laptop you will be able to use one of the University Desktops (we have 10 available).
 
That's about it. If you have any further questions please get in touch (a.douglas@abdn.ac.uk) and I look forward to meeting you all nest week.
 
Cheers
Alex
